transitions by China Glaze bring out
your inner artist with China Glaze
transitions lacquer application of a
clear topcoat will transition your
locker into a new shade begin with
freshly manicured nails with base coat
applied China Glaze transitions lacquer
only requires one coat coverage but for
an enhanced in color we recommend
applying two coats apply a clear topcoat
such as china glaze fast forward and
watch the color change lacquer should be
completely dry before applying the
topcoat transitions comes in six
beautiful shades all six shades change
color so you're really getting to
lacquer colors and one modify me
duplicity split personality altered
reality
[Music]
metallic metamorphosis shapeshifter with
China Glaze transition slacker you can
create many different looks try this
using shapeshifter and altered reality
[Music]
or try using nail art brushes let your
inner artist come out and transform your
look with China Glaze transitions
[Music]
you